How can you help my dad test drugs?
Help my dad heal the soldiers
Poison testing is likely to be either death or misery
I still have important things to do recently
Can't take the risk
My Shen family is poor and big
I can help you with anything, but you can't help me
Hey
What are you doing?
Who allowed you to enter my room?
It seems that you are really obsessed with the emperor
A king is a hero of a country, a world legend
So what if I'm obsessed with him?
How do you think I am better than him?
Humph me
You're nothing compared to him
I'll tell you the truth
I will only marry him in my life
I advise you to give up
He doesn't look down on you.
Hmph, you are jealous
As long as you are happy
I'll go first
Remember to make medicine for your dad
Dad, what is the origin of that Qin Zhan?
I don't know where he came from.
Me
I've been looking for him for years and haven't heard from him
But he suddenly appeared
So how do you know him?